This Week in Class & HW5 September 19, 2024


## This Week in Class September 19, 2024 & HW5

This week was all about Unix: Unix Commands, Unix Tools & Unix Scripting.  

### Class repository references

* Tuesday's lecture: [8 More Unix](https://github.com/TACC/coe322fall2024/blob/main/lectures/8%20MoreUnix.pdf) 
* Thursday's lecture: [8b Yet More Unix](https://github.com/TACC/coe322fall2024/blob/main/lectures/8b%20Yet%20More%20Unix.pdf) 

For more in-depth info on all the above topics see: [`unix_tutorial.pdf`](https://github.com/TACC/coe322fall2024/blob/main/tutorials/unix_slides.pdf) in the class repository.

## NEW Homework 5

**Homework 5 is due by Wednesday, September 25, 11:59pm.**

Create a Unix script that wraps around your fizzbuzz executable from Homework 2.  

This script will test the single input parameter for correctness:

* that it exists
* that the input is > 0
* if the option is "-h", then print out a help message:

```
Usage: yourscript nnn
where nnn is a positive integer
```

Your `hw5` subdirectory will contain two files:

1. your FizzBuzz source code file 
1. your executable Unix script file

### Homework Instructions

Homeworks will be due on Mondays and/or Wednesdays at midnight.  Automatic scripts will collect your homework from the appropriate subdirectory in your private GitHub repository.  It is your responsibility to ensure the instructors and the TA have access to this repository.

* **Put your name, UTEID, and TACC username at the top of each source code file.** 
* Your code must compile and execute without errors on the ISP machine using the `icpx` compiler.  
* Comment your code.
* Do NOT upload executable files to your personal repo, e.g. "`a.out`".

## Notes

* [COE 322 Student Repo](https://github.com/TACC/coe322fall2024) (read only)
* All [Zoom recordings](https://utexas.instructure.com/courses/1396207/external_tools/92539) will be hosted and available in Canvas.
* Get in the habit of regularly updating your copy of the student repository with the "`git pull`" command.


